README.md, before:

<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img width="25%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/main/public/logo.svg"> 
</p>


# 🎬 Track Movies on Your Watch - EN
A web application where you can save the movies you watch with their information. You can add the movies you have watched with information such as poster, name, lead roles, director, genre and rating. In this way, you can easily keep track of the movies you watch.

*We do not use any database. Only local storage is used to save your records.*
## 💻 Tech Stack
- Astro.js
- Bootstrap
- Alpine.js

## 📷 Screen Shots
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/a756e9d8-24c6-419b-9ac7-793516074e77)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/3733bc15-cc09-451b-a592-bfb3acc4e98e)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/8328e49f-c29d-43ab-9043-0e57294e627a)



## 💅🏼 Style Guide
### Colors

| Color             | Hex                                                               |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Primary Color | ![#DC3545](https://placehold.co/10x10/dc3545/dc3545) #DC3545 |
| Secondary Color | ![#FFC107](https://placehold.co/10x10/ffc107/ffc107) #FFC107 |
| Dark Color | ![#212529](https://placehold.co/10x10/212529/212529) #212529 |
| Light Color | ![#FFF](https://placehold.co/10x10/white/white) #FFF | 

## 📍 Roadmap & To-Do List
- update series / movies
- share the movie and series list
- keeping track of read books
- the ability to add a watch date

## 🌟 Feedback
If you have any feedback, please contact at **sonatsayginipek@gmail.com** or **sonatipek.com** .

## 🤝 Contribution
Contributions are always welcome!
Getting started see `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

<br><br>

# 🎬 İzlediğiniz Fimleri Takip Edin - TR
İzlediğiniz filmleri bilgileri ile beraber kaydedebileceğiniz bir web uygulaması. İzlediğiniz filmleri afiş, isim, başroller, yönetmen, tür ve puan gibi bilgileri ile beraber ekleyebilirsiniz. Bu sayede izlediğiniz filmleri kolayca takip edebilirsiniz.

*Herhangi bir veritabanı kullanmıyoruz. Kayıtlarınızı kaydetmek için yalnızca yerel depolama kullanılır.*
## 💻 Kullanılan Teknolojiler
- Astro.js
- Bootstrap
- Alpine.js

## 📷 Ekran Görüntüleri
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/a756e9d8-24c6-419b-9ac7-793516074e77)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/3733bc15-cc09-451b-a592-bfb3acc4e98e)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/8328e49f-c29d-43ab-9043-0e57294e627a)

## 💅🏼 Stil Rehberi
### Colors

| Renk             | Hex                                                               |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Birincil Renk | ![#DC3545](https://placehold.co/10x10/dc3545/dc3545) #DC3545 |
| İkincil Renk | ![#FFC107](https://placehold.co/10x10/ffc107/ffc107) #FFC107 |
| Koyu Renk | ![#212529](https://placehold.co/10x10/212529/212529) #212529 |
| Açık Renk | ![#FFF](https://placehold.co/10x10/white/white) #FFF | 
## 📍 Yol Haritası & Yapılacaklar Listesi
- Dizi ve Filmleri güncelleme özelliği
- Dizi ve film listelerini paylaşma özelliği
- okunmuş kitapları takip etme
- izlenme tarihi ekleme özelliği

## 🌟 Geri bildirim
Herhangi bir geri bildiriminiz varsa, lütfen **sonatsayginipek@gmail.com** veya **sonatipek.com** adresinden iletişime geçin.

## 🤝 Katkı
Katkılara her zaman açığız!
Başlamak için `CONTRIBUTING.md` dosyasına bakın.

Commit message:

add books botton added to footer

README.md, after:

<p align="center" width="100%">
    <img width="25%" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/main/public/logo.svg"> 
</p>


# 🎬 Track Movies on Your Watch - EN
A web application where you can save the movies you watch with their information. You can add the movies you have watched with information such as poster, name, lead roles, director, genre and rating. In this way, you can easily keep track of the movies you watch.

*We do not use any database. Only local storage is used to save your records.*
## 💻 Tech Stack
- Astro.js
- Bootstrap
- Alpine.js

## 📷 Screen Shots
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/a756e9d8-24c6-419b-9ac7-793516074e77)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/3733bc15-cc09-451b-a592-bfb3acc4e98e)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/8328e49f-c29d-43ab-9043-0e57294e627a)



## 💅🏼 Style Guide
### Colors

| Color             | Hex                                                               |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Primary Color | ![#DC3545](https://placehold.co/10x10/dc3545/dc3545) #DC3545 |
| Secondary Color | ![#FFC107](https://placehold.co/10x10/ffc107/ffc107) #FFC107 |
| Dark Color | ![#212529](https://placehold.co/10x10/212529/212529) #212529 |
| Light Color | ![#FFF](https://placehold.co/10x10/white/white) #FFF | 

## Project Variations
This project is a variation of the track-the-books project. Click here to check out the variation project: [Track Books on Your Read](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-books)

## 📍 Roadmap & To-Do List
- update series / movies
- share the movie and series list
- keeping track of read books
- the ability to add a watch date

## 🌟 Feedback
If you have any feedback, please contact at **sonatsayginipek@gmail.com** or **sonatipek.com** .

## 🤝 Contribution
Contributions are always welcome!
Getting started see `CONTRIBUTING.md`.

<br><br>

# 🎬 İzlediğiniz Fimleri Takip Edin - TR
İzlediğiniz filmleri bilgileri ile beraber kaydedebileceğiniz bir web uygulaması. İzlediğiniz filmleri afiş, isim, başroller, yönetmen, tür ve puan gibi bilgileri ile beraber ekleyebilirsiniz. Bu sayede izlediğiniz filmleri kolayca takip edebilirsiniz.

*Herhangi bir veritabanı kullanmıyoruz. Kayıtlarınızı kaydetmek için yalnızca yerel depolama kullanılır.*
## 💻 Kullanılan Teknolojiler
- Astro.js
- Bootstrap
- Alpine.js

## 📷 Ekran Görüntüleri
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/a756e9d8-24c6-419b-9ac7-793516074e77)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/3733bc15-cc09-451b-a592-bfb3acc4e98e)
![image](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-movies/assets/80075444/8328e49f-c29d-43ab-9043-0e57294e627a)

## 💅🏼 Stil Rehberi
### Colors

| Renk             | Hex                                                               |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Birincil Renk | ![#DC3545](https://placehold.co/10x10/dc3545/dc3545) #DC3545 |
| İkincil Renk | ![#FFC107](https://placehold.co/10x10/ffc107/ffc107) #FFC107 |
| Koyu Renk | ![#212529](https://placehold.co/10x10/212529/212529) #212529 |
| Açık Renk | ![#FFF](https://placehold.co/10x10/white/white) #FFF | 

## Proje Varyasyonları
Bu proje track-the-books preojesinin varyasyonudur. Varyasyon projesine göz atmak için tıklayınız:  [Track Books on Your Read](https://github.com/sonatipek/track-the-books)

## 📍 Yol Haritası & Yapılacaklar Listesi
- Dizi ve Filmleri güncelleme özelliği
- Dizi ve film listelerini paylaşma özelliği
- okunmuş kitapları takip etme
- izlenme tarihi ekleme özelliği

## 🌟 Geri bildirim
Herhangi bir geri bildiriminiz varsa, lütfen **sonatsayginipek@gmail.com** veya **sonatipek.com** adresinden iletişime geçin.

## 🤝 Katkı
Katkılara her zaman açığız!
Başlamak için `CONTRIBUTING.md` dosyasına bakın.
